>> Stephen: HEY, WHAT'S GOING
ON?
>> NOTHIN'.
>> Stephen: NOTHIN''S GOING
ON?
WE'RE DOING A SHOW IS WHAT WE'RE
DOING.
THESE TWO -- THESE TWO -- AND
I'M VERY GRATEFUL TO THEM --
THESE TWO ARE SITTING THERE ON
THEIR PHONES, PAYING NO
ATTENTION TO ME.
I CERTAINLY HOPE YOU AT HOME
AREN'T ON YOUR PHONES LIKE MY
SON AND MY WIFE.
( SIGHS )
>> SOME VERY EVENTFUL THINGS
GOING ON.
>> Stephen: WHAT'S GOING ON
THAT'S MORE IMPORTANT THAN YOU
WATCHING YOUR FATHER DO A
TELEVISION SHOW.
>> MY FRIEND DANNY JUST SHAVED
HIS HEAD ON INSTAGRAM LIVE.
>> Stephen: THAT IS BETTER
THAN MY SHOW.
CAN I SEE A PHOTO?
>> DON'T HAVE A PHOTO NOW.
BUT EVENTUALLY.
>> Stephen: WHAT'S SO
IMPORTANT ABOUT YOUR PHONE OVER
THERE.
>> NOTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW
ABOUT.
>> Stephen: WELL, MY BIRTHDAY
IS COMING UP.
IF YOU'RE GETTING 15 AND A
HALF-33, IN CASE YOU'RE
WONDERING.
HI, WELCOME TO "A LATE SHOW,"
I'M YOUR HOST STEPHEN TEACH.
IT'S THE LAST DAY IN APRIL.
APRIL SHOWERS AREN'T SOMETHING I
HAVE BEEN DOING MUCH IN APRIL.
MAY, I MAY START SHOWERING IN
MAY.
NOT A WORD!
APRIL 30th ALSO MARKS THE END
OF THE FEDERAL SOCIAL DISTANCING
GUIDELINES AND JED
PRESIDENT TRUMP SAID THEY WILL
NOT BE EXTENDED FURTHER.
SO THE ANSWER TO THE QUESTION
"WHEN WILL CORONAVIRUS RESURGE
AGAIN?" IS:
♪ IT'S GONNA BE MAY ♪
>> STEPHEN: TRUMP WAS ASKED
ABOUT THE LAPSING OF THE
GUIDELINES YESTERDAY IN THE OVAL
OFFICE:
>> SO THE CURRENT GUIDELINES
THEN WILL NOT BE EXTENDED AFTER
TOMORROW?
>> YEAH, I THINK A WAY OF SAYING
IT IS THEY'LL BE FADING OUT.
>> Stephen: COME ON, YOU'RE
THE GOVERNMENT
YOU SHOULD BE MORE SPECIFIC
ABOUT WHAT THE RULES ARE.
THERE'S A REASON WHY YOU DON'T
SEE SIGNS THAT SAY, "SPEED
LIMIT: NO LONGER 55."
SINCE TRUMP HAS BEEN ROYALLY
SHANKING HIS CORONAVIRUS PRESS
CONFERENCES, HE'S GOT A NEW
STRATEGY: INVITE INDIVIDUAL
GOVERNORS TO THE OVAL OFFICE.
TODAY, TRUMP MET WITH NEW JERSEY
GOVERNOR AND NUTCRACKER THAT
WISHED TO BE A REAL BOY, PHIL
MURPHY.
DURING THE MEETING, TRUMP SAID
THAT HE'S SURE THAT THE ECONOMY
IS READY TO BOUNCE RIGHT BACK.
>> THERE IS TREMENDOUS PENT-UP
DEMAND.
I FEEL IT.
I THINK SOMETIMES WHAT I FEEL IS
BETTER THAN WHAT I THINK.
>> STEPHEN: ANYTHING HAS GOT TO
BE BETTER THAN WHAT YOU THINK.
BUT THAT'S JUST HOW I FEEL.
TRUMP TALKED ABOUT THE EARLY
FEARS OF EQUIPMENT SHORTAGES:
>> THERE WAS NEVER A PERSON
THAT NEEDED A VENTILATOR THAT
DIDN'T GET ONE.
IN ANY STATE.
NOT ONE PERSON.
SO WE DIDN'T SAY, "HE DIDN'T SAY
GET A VENTILATOR, SOMEBODY
PASSED AWAY, SOMEBODY DIDN'T
MAKE IT."
NOW WE HAD A MASK PROBLEM.
NOW WE HAVE SO MANY MASKS, WE
DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH THEM.
>> STEPHEN: HERE'S AN IDEA: PUT
ONE ON MIKE PENCE.
>> THEN GOVERNOR MURPHY USED AN
ANALOGY TRUMP REALLY LIKE THE
LIKED ABOUT HOW THE CORONAVIRUS
TOK THEM BY SURPRISE
>> AS MIKE TYSON SAYS,
EVERYONE'S GOT A PLAN UNTIL YOU
GET PUNCHED IN THE FACE.
>> AND WE DID.
>> STEPHEN: I'M NOT SURPRISED
TRUMP RELATES TO MIKE TYSON:
THEY'RE BOTH '80S POP CULTURE
ICONS WITH HORRIBLE HISTORIES
WITH WOMEN, WHO NEED NO EXCUSE
TO EAT A HUMAN EAR.
(AS TRUMP)
"IT IS THE BACON OF THE FACE."
"I LOVE A GOOD E. L.T. ."
TRUMP TRIED TO PUT A POSITIVE
SPIN ON HOW MANY CASES OF THE
CORONAVIRUS THE U.S. HAS.
>> YOU HAVE AREAS THAT ARE
REALLY AT A VERY LOW POINT.
AND REALLY HITTING-- I ALWAYS
SAY, HEADING SOUTH QUICKLY.
AND THAT'S WHAT WE WANT.
>> STEPHEN: (AS TRUMP)
"THINGS ARE REALLY HEADING SOUTH
QUICKLY, I MEAN, THE NUMBERS ARE
RAPIDLY GOING DOWN THE TUBES,
JUST CIRCLING THE DRAIN, AND
THAT'S WHAT WE WANT."
ONE PUNDIT WAS QUICK TO RESPOND
TO TRUMP'S HEADING SOUTH
COMMENT:
>> I DO NOT THINK IT MEANS WHAT
YOU THINK IT MEANS.
>> Stephen: INCONCEIVABLE!
TRUMP DIDN'T SEEM TOO WORRIED
ABOUT OPENING UP TOO QUICKLY AND
CAUSING A SECOND WAVE OF CASES.
>> WE WILL PUT OUT THE EMBERS
AND WE WILL PUT OUT THE FLAMES.
THERE WILL BE POCKETS OF FIRE,
AND WE'LL PUT THEM OUT.
IF YOU HAVE, I CALL THEM BURNING
EMBERS, BOOM.
>> STEPHEN: OF COURSE, BECAUSE
THE SOUND YOU ASSOCIATE WITH
SAFELY PUTTING OUT A FIRE IS
"BOOM."
TRUMP JUST DOESN'T TALK LIKE A
GUY WHO KNOWS WHAT HE'S TALKING
ABOUT.
CAN YOU IMAGINE HIM AS A DOCTOR?
(AS TRUMP)
"WE'RE GONNA GO IN THERE AND
WE'RE GONNA TAKE THE LITTLE
KNIFE AND COCUT, CUT, SNAP,
SNAP, AND THERE'S GONNA BE -- I
CALL IT BLOOD.
BUT WE'RE GONNA SAY, 'NO BLOOD.'
THEN STITCH.
THEN GO IN THE PLACE WHERE THE
BLOOD WAS AND 'BOOM.'"
TRUMP ALSO ADDRESSED WHY HE
THINKS CERTAIN STATES DON'T NEED
AS MUCH TESTING:
>> YOU HAVE SOME GOVERNORS THAT
LOVE THE TESTS, YOU OTHERS THAT
LIKE DOING IT A DIFFERENT WAY,
AN OLD-FASHIONED WAY.
>> Stephen: IS OLD-FASHIONED
WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR IN
MEDICAL CARE?
"I DON'T NEED THESE NEWFANGLED
TESTS AND SWABS, JUST COVER ME
IN LEECHES AND BALANCE MY
HUMORS."
TRUMP ALSO THINKS THAT COMING UP
WITH A VACCINE IS NOT THAT BIG A
DEAL.
>> SO, THIS 100% SCENARIO YOU
ARE LAYING OUT, GOING BACK TO
THE WAY IT WAS.
IS THAT BEFORE THE VACCINE OR
AFTER THE VACCINE?
>> SO, A LOT OF PROGRESS IS
BEING MADE ON THE VACCINE, BUT
YOU NEVER KNOW.
RIGHT?
IF YOU DON'T HAVE A VACCINE, IF
THAT VIRUS IS GONE, WE ARE LIKE
WHERE WE WERE BEFORE.
>> STEPHEN: OH, WHERE WE WERE
BEFORE!
GOOD.
SO INSTEAD OF BEING IN A GLOBAL
PANDEMIC, WE'LL GO BACK TO
BEING COMPLETELY UNPREPARED FOR
A GLOBAL PANDEMIC.
THAT ANSWER MADE NO SENSE, AS A
REPORTER POINTED OUT:
>> WITHOUT A VACCINE, SIR, WHY
DO YOU THINK THE VIRUS WILL JUST
BE GONE?
>> IT'S GOING TO GO.
IT'S GOING TO LEAVE.
IT'S GONNA BE GONE.
IT IS GOING TO BE ERADICATED.
>> STEPHEN: (AS TRUMP)
"IT'S GOING TO GO.
IT'S GOING TO LEAVE.
IT'S GONNA SLIP OUT THE BACK,
JACK.
MAKE A NEW PLAN, STAN.
IT'S GONNA GET ON THE BUS, GUS.
YOU WANT MORE?
I GOT 50 OF THESE."
HERE'S THE THING: TRUMP DOESN'T
WANT EVERYTHING TO GO BACK TO
NORMAL BECAUSE WE'RE "READY."
HE WANTS EVERYTHING TO GO BACK
TO NORMAL BECAUSE HE'S BORED:
>> I HAVE BEEN AT THE WHITE
HOUSE FOR MANY MONTHS, AND I'D
LIKE TO GET OUT.
>> STEPHEN: MR. PRESIDENT, WE'D
ALL LIKE TO GET YOU OUT OF THE
WHITE HOUSE.
THERE'S ONE ACTIVITY TRUMP
ESPECIALLY MISSES: HIS RALLIES.
>> HOPEFULLY IN THE NOT TOO
DISTANT FUTURE WE'LL HAVE SOME
MASSIVE RALLIES AND PEOPLE WILL
BE SITTING NEXT TO EACH OTHER.
I CAN'T IMAGINE A RALLY WHERE
YOU WOULD HAVE EVERY FOURTH SEAT
FULL.
EVERY SIX SEATS ARE EMPTY FOR
EVERYONE THAT YOU HAVE FULL.
THAT WOULDN'T LOOK TOO GOOD.
>> STEPHEN: YEAH, THAT SOUNDS
HORRIBLE.
IT WOULD LOOK LIKE THIS.
BUT IT'S NOT JUST HIS OWN
RALLIES HE WANTS DANGEROUSLY
FULL, IT'S ALSO EVERYWHERE ELSE:
>> I HAD ONE RESTAURANT OWNER
COME UP TO ME AND SAID, "SIR
I'M GOING TO BE OPENING UP, BUT,
IF I DISTANCE TOO MUCH, I HAVE
50% OF THE RESTAURANT I HAD."
AND I SAID, "YOU WILL ALSO HAVE
A WORSE ATMOSPHERE."
>> STEPHEN: WOW, NICE JOB,
CONSOLER-IN-CHIEF.
(AS TRUMP)
"I SAID, IT WILL ALSO HAVE A
WORSE ATMOSPHERE AND MAKE LESS
MONEY.
I GUESS WHAT I'M SAYING IS, YOUR
RESTAURANT IS HEADING SOUTH
QUICKLY.
AND THAT'S WHAT WE WANT."
MULTIPLE POLLS SHOW TRUMP'S
TRAILING JOE BIDEN IN SWING
STATES, BUT IN AN INTERVIEW HE
SAID, "I DON'T BELIEVE THE
POLLS.
I BELIEVE THE PEOPLE OF THIS
COUNTRY ARE SMART.
AND I DON'T THINK THAT THEY WILL
PUT A MAN IN WHO'S INCOMPETENT."
YOU'RE RIGHT, THE PEOPLE OF THIS
COUNTRY WOULDN'T.
THE ELECTORAL COLLEGE, ON THE
OTHER HAND, IS FINE WITH IT.
BUT DESPITE NOT BELIEVING IN
THESE POLLS, HE STILL FOUND
SOMEONE TO BLAME THEM ON:
TRUMP CAMPAIGN MANAGER AND WHAT
HAPPENS WHEN YOUR LOCAL MILITIA
POOLS THEIR MONEY TO BUY ONE
SUIT, BRAD PARSCALE.
ON FRIDAY, TRUMP BERATED
PARSCALE FOR THE DAMAGING POLL
NUMBERS, AND AT ONE POINT EVEN
THREATENED TO SUE HIM.
SUE HIM?
THAT'S NOT HOW YOU HANDLE
DISAPPOINTMENT.
"I'M SORRY, SIR, WE STOPPED
SERVING BREAKFAST AT 11:00."
(AS TRUMP)
"WELL, YOU'LL BE HEARING FROM MY
LAWYERS FROM THE FIRM OF
BUTTERWORTH, JEMIMA, AND
MCMUFFIN!"
"THAT BAGEL GUY'S A TOUGH
COOKIE."
BUT THEY WERE ABLE TO HASH
THINGS OUT AFTER PARSCALE
BROUGHT POLLING NUMBERS THAT
WERE MORE POSITIVE FOR TRUMP,
AND THE PRESIDENT SEEMED IN A
FAR BETTER MOOD.
YES, I'M SURE.
AND I'M BEING TOLD WE HAVE A
COPY OF THAT POLL.
THERE YOU GO.
TRUMP CLAIMS THIS WHOLE SPAT
WITH PARSCALE IS OVERBLOWN,
TWEETING LATE LAST NIGHT
"JUST TOLD THAT FAKE NEWS @CNN
IS FALSELY REPORTING THAT I WAS
RECENTLY SHOUTING AT MY CAMPAIGN
MANAGER OVER MADE UP NONSENSE.
ACTUALLY, HE IS DOING A GREAT
JOB, I NEVER SHOUTED AT HIM--
BEEN WITH ME FOR YEARS
INCLUDING THE 2016 WIN, AND HAVE
NO INTENTION TO DO SO.
JUST FAKE NEWS!"
YEAH, THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
I MEAN, CAN YOU IMAGINE TRUMP
ENDING A RELATIONSHIP HE'S HAD
WITH SOMEONE FOR YEARS?
EACH STATE IS TACKLING REOPENING
DIFFERENTLY.
SOME ARE GOING FULL "MAD MAX."
BECAUSE RECENTLY, GEORGIA
ANNOUNCED THEY'LL BE ALLOWING
TEENS TO GET THEIR LICENSE WITH
JUST PARENTAL APPROVAL,
SCRAPPING DRIVER'S TESTS.
OKAY, THEY ARE GOING TO BE A
BUNCH OF UNTESTED TEENAGERS
DRIVING.
SO, IF YOU'RE HEADED TO GEORGIA,
STAY OFF THE ROADS, IT'S MUCH
SAFER TO TAKE THE MIDNIGHT
TRAIN.
WHOO WHOO!
THE CHANGE WAS ENACTED THROUGH
EXECUTIVE ORDER BY GEORGIA
GOVERNOR AND DAD WHO DID TOO
MUCH COKE BEFORE THE
FATHER-DAUGHTER DANCE, BRIAN
KEMP.
AND ACCORDING TO HIS RULES,
TEENS WHO'VE HAD THEIR LEARNER'S
PERMIT FOR OVER A YEAR, CAN NOW
SIMPLY GO ONLINE AND OBTAIN
THEIR LICENSE AFTER GETTING A
PARENT OR GUARDIAN'S OKAY.
NOW, IF YOU'RE WORRIED THAT KIDS
WILL JUST FORGE THEIR PARENT'S
SIGNATURES, YOU'RE SMARTER THAN
THE GOVERNOR OF GEORGIA.
DRIVING SCHOOLS ARE HOPEFUL THAT
THIS PLAN WILL WORK, WITH ONE
INSTRUCTOR SAYING, "I'M HOPING
MOST PARENTS WON'T JUST SIGN OFF
ON THOSE 40 HOURS, I'M HOPING
MOST WILL TAKE THE TIME AND
DRIVE WITH THEIR KIDS BEFORE
THEY LET THEM OBTAIN THEIR
DRIVER'S LICENSE."
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT PARENTS
WHO'VE BEEN TRAPPED IN THEIR
HOUSES WITH TEENAGERS FOR SEVEN
WEEKS.
I'M GUESSING THEY'RE GOING TO
TAKE THE TIME TO SAY, "DO YOU
KNOW HOW TO OPEN THE GARAGE?
GREAT.
THE PEDAL ON THE RIGHT IS GO.
HERE'S 20 BUCKS, AND A FAKE I.D.
GO BUY ME SOME WINE."
WE'VE GOT A SHOW FOR YOU
TONIGHT.
I'LL BE TALKING TO SENATE
MY IN ORDER TO LEADER CHUCK
SCHUMER.
-- SENATE MINORITY LEADER CHUCK
BUT WHEN WE COME BACK,
"MEANWHILE!"